Add support for organization settings (#51)
mineiros-io/terraform-github-organization: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [0.9.0]

### BREAKING CHANGES

> Updated min GitHub provider version to `v5.3` for adding support for the `github_organization_settings` resource

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Drop support for Terraform GitHub Provider `4.x`
- Require Terraform GitHub Provider version `5.3` and above to support `github_organization_settings` resource
```
